♪♪
This is behind
the scenes
of "Single By 30."
[singing]
And...action.
"Single By 30" is a
romantic drama-comedy
series that we're doing
with YouTube Red.
"Single By 30" is
about two best friends
that make a pact
in high school
that if they're not married
by the time they're 30,
they'll marry each other.
Do you wanna be
my back-up then?
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Wait...what?
It was to save them
from growing old
and being alone.
Thirty is so old.
♪♪
So, then they reconnect,
like, ten years later.
- Joanna?
- Peter!
Oh, my God!
And they realize,
"Hey, maybe we should
reinstate the pact"
right before they turn
the big 3-0.
That's kind of our
safety net
to feel like we can
go out
and try to date,
but there's not a ton
of pressure because
we have someone.
Yeah, I can kind of
follow the logic there.
And so, they start
pushing each other
to get out there
and are figuring out
if something here
is happening.
I think I could
actually marry Peter.
What?
I've liked you
since we were teenagers.
I don't wanna go
make something weird.
Do you wanna stay friends?
I think that I wanna be
more than friends.
That is so dramatic.
Our cast is
really, really amazing.
We're so proud
of it.
I play Peter Mah.
He wants to get married,
he wants to have kids.
But also, he doesn't
take chances.
He doesn't say what--
He's also kinda nerdy.
[laughs]
Kind of--Is he?
Uhhh...nerd alert!
Joanna had this vision
for her life,
and then it didn't
work out.
And as a 30-year-old
woman,
you are also
at your sexual peak.
They also have friends
that have
very different
perspectives
on love and relationships.
Dude, what's wrong
with being in your thirties?
Your thirties are awesome.
Mark is more of the
go-get-it entrepreneur
Renaissance man.
"Creator of
What Do You Meme?"
That's your app?
A meme generator?
[laughing]
Swipe left.
Chloe is a woman
who knows what
she wants,
and she will get it.
I'm a single, hot,
26-year-old woman,
and tonight,
I'm gonna make
some college guy's
dreams come true.
We know which couple
is the most interesting.
Indeed we do;
it's us.
- Chloe and Mark.
- It's Chloe and Mark, us.
No, it's Peter
and Joanna.
We're definitely
the cutest,
the most romantic.
- Sexiest.
- Yeah.
- Nakedest.
- Uh--
- Mostly me.
- I'm mostly naked.
- Mmm-hmm.
They begged him to put
his clothes back on.
He refused.
We have flashbacks
from when they
were in high school.
This is senior year.
You need to start
enjoying it more.
The flashbacks is
not too far
from what I used
to look like.
Hey, these look cool.
They're never going
out of style.
I definitely did
the blonde tips.
You get to see
how they viewed
love and relationships
from a very more innocent age,
and now they're getting
into their thirties
and their perspectives
have changed.
We've both worked
with Wong Fu
a million times.
We've had a channel
for over a decade,
so we're the old guys
on YouTube.
Got it.
PHILIP: The series is, like,
the biggest project
we've ever done,
and it's real exciting
that YouTube Red
wanted to support it.
We're not trying
to get too caught up
in, like, the scale.
I think the most
important thing
is that the story's good,
that the heart's there.
But it is nice to have
a lot more help
than we've ever had before.
This is--We're off on,
like, another level.
And we can't wait
to share it.
HILLARY: Let's take a vote.
Who here thinks that
everybody should watch
"Single By 30"
on YouTube Red?
All those in favor
say "aye."
- Aye.
- Aye, aye, aye.
Me. Aye.
- [all clapping]
- Motion passed!
♪♪